README.md, before:

# RP2040-GEEK: SD Trigger & HID Payload Injector

A small project for the Waveshare RP2040-GEEK board (with CircuitBoard firmware). It reads a `pay.txt` file from the USB drive and simulates HID keyboard input. Great for quick automation, testing, or proof-of-concept demos.

## ⚙️ Hardware Requirements

- Board: [Waveshare RP2040-GEEK](https://www.waveshare.com/rp2040-geek.htm)
- microSD card with SPI adapter
- Built-in display
- USB HID keyboard interface (virtual)

## 🐍 Installing CircuitPython

1. Go to [circuitpython.org](https://circuitpython.org/board/waveshare_rp2040_geek/)
2. Download the `.uf2` firmware
3. Connect the board while holding the **BOOTSEL** button
4. Drag and drop the `.uf2` file onto the new USB drive
5. After reboot, a `CIRCUITPY` drive will appear

## 📁 File Structure

in /lib you need some [libraries](https://circuitpython.org/libraries) (PLEASE: same version as CircuitPython
- adafruit_bitmap_font (as above)
- adafruit_display_text (as above)
- adafruit_hid (as above)
- adafruit_st7789.mpy from [Adafruit_CircuitPython_ST7789](https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CircuitPython_ST7789/releases)
- [Helvetica-Bold-16.bdf](https://github.com/dstieglitz/circuitpy-compass/blob/main/Helvetica-Bold-16.bdf)
- keyboard_layout_win_it.mpy from [Neradoc/Keyboard_Layouts](https://github.com/Neradoc/Circuitpython_Keyboard_Layouts/tree/main)
- keycode_win_it.mpy (as above)

in / of the RP2040 drive
- code.py
- and pay.txt

Commit message:

Update README.md with security notice
Security notice

README.md, after:

# RP2040-GEEK: HID Payload Injector (aka BADusb)

A small project for the Waveshare RP2040-GEEK board (with CircuitBoard firmware). It reads a `pay.txt` file from the USB drive and simulates HID keyboard input. Great for quick automation, testing, or proof-of-concept demos.

## ⚙️ Hardware requirements

- Board: [Waveshare RP2040-GEEK](https://www.waveshare.com/rp2040-geek.htm)
- microSD card with SPI adapter
- Built-in display
- USB HID keyboard interface (virtual)

## 🐍 Installing CircuitPython

1. Go to [circuitpython.org](https://circuitpython.org/board/waveshare_rp2040_geek/)
2. Download the `.uf2` firmware
3. Connect the board while holding the **BOOTSEL** button
4. Drag and drop the `.uf2` file onto the new USB drive
5. After reboot, a `CIRCUITPY` drive will appear

## 📁 File Structure

in /lib you need some [libraries](https://circuitpython.org/libraries) (PLEASE: same version as CircuitPython
- adafruit_bitmap_font (as above)
- adafruit_display_text (as above)
- adafruit_hid (as above)
- adafruit_st7789.mpy from [Adafruit_CircuitPython_ST7789](https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CircuitPython_ST7789/releases)
- [Helvetica-Bold-16.bdf](https://github.com/dstieglitz/circuitpy-compass/blob/main/Helvetica-Bold-16.bdf)
- keyboard_layout_win_it.mpy from [Neradoc/Keyboard_Layouts](https://github.com/Neradoc/Circuitpython_Keyboard_Layouts/tree/main)
- keycode_win_it.mpy (as above)

in / of the RP2040 drive
- code.py
- and pay.txt

## 🔐 Disclamer and security notice

This project simulates automated keyboard input: **use only on devices you control**. Not intended for malicious use.
